PYTHON-4095, PYTHON-4096, PYTHON-4098: Rewrite READMEs to be more approachable for first-time users (#12)
mongodb-labs/full-stack-fastapi-mongodb: README.md

This is an **experimental** fork of [Sebastián Ramírez's](https://github.com/tiangolo) [Full Stack FastAPI and PostgreSQL Base Project Generator](https://github.com/tiangolo/full-stack-fastapi-postgresql) and [Whythawk's](https://github.com/whythawk) [Full Stack FastAPI and PostgreSQL Base Project Generator](https://github.com/whythawk/full-stack-fastapi-postgresql). FastAPI is updated to version 0.103.2, MongoDB Motor 3.4, ODMantic ODM 1.0.0, and the frontend to React.

![Landing page](img/landing.png)

## Index

- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [QuickStart](#quickstart)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Key features](#key-features)
- [How to use it](#how-to-use-it)

>   - [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md)

Reviewer: "Building a Generated App" -> "Building a generated app" for consistency.

>   - [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [Building a generated App](./docs/getting-started.md)
```

>   - [Building a generated App](./docs/getting-started.md)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [Building a generated app](./docs/getting-started.md)
```

- [Help needed](#help-needed)
- [Release notes](#release-notes)
- [License](#license)

## Requirements

Please make sure you have these installed before proceeding!
* [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
* [Python 3.11+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
* [Cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) -- The Python Cookiecutter library.
* [Hatch](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
* [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/products/tools/compass) -- To help visualize local/remote database easily.

## QuickStart

> For those that what to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out to more fleshed out [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) section. **NOTE: this will generate a local application that is not yet production-ready. Please go through all of the README information linked before creating a version to deploy to a production host**

Reviewer: "that what" -> "that want"

Reviewer: "check out to" -> "check out the"

Reviewer: The call to action of "read the whole thing before creating a production version" could be a little clearer, maybe put the NOTE at the top of QuickStart?

```
// Make sure cookiecutter and python are installed on the device
// This will generate a full-stack app in the directory ./example
cookiecutter https://github.com/mongodb-labs/full-stack-fastapi-mongodb --no-input project_name="example"

> // change into that directory

Reviewer: "change" -> "move"?

cd example

> // Make sure that you've opened Docker before this step

Reviewer: Opened Docker meaning the desktop app?

// build
docker compose build --no-cache

// start the container in the background
docker compose up -d 
```

> Now, you can view the site by going to `localhost:3000`. You can also see all the logs of the running containers in your Docker Desktop app.

Reviewer: Remove the comma after "Now."

Reviewer: We create + run a lot of containers, a screenshot showing the containers and what each of them are for would be helpful.

Author: I agree here. I'd move it out of the initial readme and most likely put it in the "development" section. Let me note that above.

> The will only be one user on the site, `admin@example.com`. If you choose a different project name, then the email domain changes. i.e. `project_name=fullstackexample` the user email will be `admin@fullstackexample.com`. The default password will be set to `changethis` but that can be changed. 

Reviewer: "The will" -> "There will"

Reviewer: Use a colon instead of a comma after "site"

Reviewer: "i.e. ..." -> "For example, if you create your project using ..."

Reviewer: We should call out that users should change their default password immediately, even for local testing.

Author: > We should call out that users should change their default password immediately, even for local testing.

Ah yeah, this is the quickstart guide, so I felt it unnecessary here. In the later documents it talks about making sure to set up a good hash and how to do so.

Here are all the local development URLS:

- Frontend -- http://localhost:3000
- Backend -- http://localhost/api/v1/
- Automatic Documentation via Swagger UI -- http://localhost/docs
- Alternative Documentation via ReDoc -- http://localhost/redoc
- Flower: Admin tool of Celery Tasks -- http://localhost:5555
- Traefik UI to see how routes are being handled by the proxy: http://localhost:8090

> See [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) for images of what some of these pages will look like and to understand the configuration details better.

Reviewer: This can be shortened to "See [Building a Generated App] for examples of what these pages look like."

Reviewer: ^^

- [Help needed](#help-needed)
- [Release notes](#release-notes)
- [License](#license)

## Requirements

Please make sure you have these installed before proceeding!
* [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
* [Python 3.11+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
* [Cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) -- The Python Cookiecutter library.
* [Hatch](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
* [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/products/tools/compass) -- To help visualize local/remote database easily.

## QuickStart

> **NOTE: this will generate a local application that is not yet production-ready. Please go through all of the README information linked before creating a version to deploy to a production host**

Reviewer: Maybe a more direct link to the relevant sections?

Author: I'd say here the `index` section has all those relevant pieces

> For those that want to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out the more fleshed out [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) section. 

Reviewer: "here's quick start guide" -> "here's a quick start guide"

> For those that want to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out the more fleshed out [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) section. 

Author: ```suggestion
For those that want to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's a quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out the more fleshed out [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) section. 
```

> For those that want to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's a quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out the more fleshed out [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) section. 

Reviewer: "Building a Generated App" -> "Building a generated app"

> For those that want to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's a quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out the more fleshed out [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) section. 

Author: ```suggestion
For those that want to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's a quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out the more fleshed out [Building a generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) section. 
```

> For those that want to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's a quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out the more fleshed out [Building a generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) section. 

Author: ```suggestion
For those that want to dive in and play around with the generated code, here's a quick start guide on how to do it. It is advised, though, once you have run through generating this app the first time, that you circle back and check out the more fleshed out [Building a generated app](./docs/getting-started.md) section. 
```

// Move into that directory.
cd example

// Make sure that you've opened the Docker Desktop app before this step.
// build
docker compose build --no-cache

// start the container in the background
docker compose up -d 
```

Now you can view the site by going to `localhost:3000`. You can also see all the logs of the running containers in your Docker Desktop app.

There will only be one user on the site: `admin@example.com`. If you choose a different project name, then the email domain changes.  For example, if you create your project using`project_name=fullstackexample` the user email will be `admin@fullstackexample.com`. The default password will be set to `changethis` but that can be changed. 

Here are all the local development URLS:

- Frontend -- http://localhost:3000
- Backend -- http://localhost/api/v1/
- Automatic Documentation via Swagger UI -- http://localhost/docs
- Alternative Documentation via ReDoc -- http://localhost/redoc
- Flower: Admin tool of Celery Tasks -- http://localhost:5555
- Traefik UI to see how routes are being handled by the proxy: http://localhost:8090

> See [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) for examples of what these pages look like.

Reviewer: "Building a Generated App" -> "Building a generated app"

> See [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) for examples of what these pages look like.

Author: ```suggestion
See [Building a generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) for examples of what these pages look like.
```

> See [Building a generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) for examples of what these pages look like.

Author: ```suggestion
See [Building a generated app](./docs/getting-started.md) for examples of what these pages look like.
```

> See [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) for images of what some of these pages will look like and to understand the configuration details better.

Author: ```suggestion
See [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md) for examples of what these pages look like.
```

  - **Standards-based**: Based on (and fully compatible with) the open standards for APIs: [OpenAPI](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) and [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/).
  - [**Many other features**]("https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/features/"): including automatic validation, serialization, interactive documentation, etc.
- [**Nextjs/React**](https://nextjs.org/) frontend:

>   - **Authorization** route-based authentication, including logged in or superuser.

Reviewer: "including logged in or superuser" -> "including support for detecting a user's login status and defined superusers."

- Traefik integration, including Let's Encrypt **HTTPS** certificates automatic generation.
- GitLab **CI** (continuous integration), including frontend and backend testing.

> ## How to use the Template

Reviewer: "Template" -> "template"

- Traefik integration, including Let's Encrypt **HTTPS** certificates automatic generation.
- GitLab **CI** (continuous integration), including frontend and backend testing.

## How to use the template

> - [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md)

Reviewer: "Building a Generated App" -> "Building a generated app"

> - [Building a Generated App](./docs/getting-started.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Building a generated App](./docs/getting-started.md)
```

> - [Building a generated App](./docs/getting-started.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Building a generated app](./docs/getting-started.md)
```

## Help needed

> This stack is in an experimental state, so there is no guarantee for to not find bugs or issues. Please open an issue ticket against this repository to make us aware of issues and we will do our best to respond to them in a timely manner. Please leave feedback on features that would be very beneficial for developers who often leverage mongodb in their FastAPI stack.

Reviewer: First line could be "This project is currently experimental, so bugs and issues may occur."

Reviewer: "mongodb" -> "MongoDB"

## Release Notes

> For each release of the generated apps, please assume any changed introduced as the potential to be a backwards-breaking change.

Reviewer: I don't quite understand what this is saying, can you clarify?

Author: I changed the language here. Let me know your thoughts.

See notes: 

## CalVer 2024.01.XX

> - **TODO**

Reviewer: What does this mean?

Author: Ah, it's from breaking up the PRs. When the README updates come in, I plan tagging another version. It's not needed in this PR, though, and I'll go ahead and remove it for now.

Author: I've actually updated to reflect CalVer. 
I've placed current changes that I'll tag for Jan. 10th on here.
